hello I'm Jason barn confusing to his
eye we're back here in the job in new
commercial working on has promised our
commutes or a little bit more than
halfway through now but a number of
trades on Saturday finishing off work
tops burger long we're putting a new
gate code stop horses getting in
actually an automatic go dramatic gouge
what curtains and blinds going today let
me give you talk we're about 75% of the
way through this project we've had all
the flooring fitted throughout upstairs
and all the ground floor except for the
stairs just while we're waiting on all
the last lot of trades going up the
fitter will be returning to site just to
fit those off into the study the walls
about a coat of paint Bob's got the
roman blinds here these are on a chain
system they just aren't there a little
bit dear but they do make a little a lot
easier than having the old toggle star
back out into the hallway and across to
the lounge seating in went for maximum
use of space here with a lovely corner
section but more cushions to come on
this just to fill it out with some
different coordinating colors again more
powder coat of paint beautiful police
say applies to still let the light in
and still give privacy and then curtains
and a pole they're back out along the
hallway the fitters have laid this on a
diagonal the way we've designed it was
to put it on a 45-degree the the study
and the
lounge are laid as normal but we wanted
to go for maximum use of space as we
come into the kitchen family room and
we've laid it on a diagonal and it
really just stretches out the space
makes it look even bigger again we've
got curtains and a pole up into the
family room roman blinds on to the
double doors in the dining area
beautiful new sandstone work so this
really is a fabulous plot the drainage
crews have been cut out polished edges
new sinks in went for taps and the
plumbing to be install gained new blinds
on the chains their large unit call
units eating with a shade piece on the
end no doubt the class would be never be
fighting who gets that will be installed
on live TV now upstairs and we still got
the whole stairs landing to paint as I
said in my original video with the
stairs are really pretty narrow so we're
just going to wait until all the guys
are all the the product in it's been a
couple of bumps and scratches already as
we knew there would be so they can just
be made good ones for all in and then
we'll fit the stair carpet off after the
walls and ceilings have been painted as
well into the guest bedroom bet you're
already delivered clients got all the
bedding here already nice bedside tables
and some low storage and Chester drawers
just like no the curtains and a blind to
be fitted in here again color to the
walls into the bathroom and we've moved
the radiator a little bit of making good
to do there on a gimbal well obviously
pang the wall but it's just moved it
over taking away from the edge of bath
so their daughter doesn't burn herself
if she reaches up to it new police say
he blind to give them some privacy
into the child's bedroom really just a
beautiful skinny jazz designed mixture
of patterned fabric on a pole we rings
and the working blinds the fold lines on
there so it just a great callous game
just the drawers for storage and of
course the cushions air and into the
master bedroom beautiful silk curtains
on a pole beds in just met nawlage to
furniture to come a brilliantly busy day
of a lot of trading today at the worktop
star had burger arms all installed and
connected all hardwired into the
telephone lines thats all monitored now
we've had some more furniture delivered
we've had appliances in delivered and
installed curtains and blinds fitted bit
more painting dancers really all been
going on here as that more than halfway
done sir hope you enjoyed the second
tour and catch up we after we've
installed everything give us some far
more shots as well and trying to hit
home back to you thanks for watching